C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.utility.desktop.dll
C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\Tests.dll
C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\Tests.pdb
C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\BosonProtocol.dll
C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\BosonProtocol.pdb
C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.pdb
C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.pdb
C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.dll
C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.pdb
c:\users\goryanin.infosystem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\ObjectsPool.dll
c:\users\goryanin.infosystem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\SocketServer.dll
c:\users\goryanin.infosystem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\Transport.dll
c:\users\goryanin.infosystem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\ObjectsPool.pdb
c:\users\goryanin.infosystem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\SocketServer.pdb
c:\users\goryanin.infosystem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\Transport.pdb
c:\users\goryanin.infosystem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\PluginBase.dll
c:\users\goryanin.infosystem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\PluginBase.pdb
c:\users\goryanin.infosystem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.pdb
c:\users\goryanin.infosystem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.xml
c:\users\goryanin.infosystem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.dll
c:\users\goryanin.infosystem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.pdb
c:\users\goryanin.infosystem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.xml
c:\users\goryanin.infosystem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\BenchmarkDotNet.dll
c:\users\goryanin.infosystem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\BenchmarkDotNet.xml
c:\users\goryanin.infosystem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\PluginLauncher.dll
c:\users\goryanin.infosystem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\PluginLauncher.pdb
C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\ClientExtensionsBase.dll
C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\ClientGamePlugin.dll
C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\GameBasePlugin.dll
C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\ClientExtensionsBase.pdb
C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\ClientGamePlugin.pdb
C:\Users\goryanin.INFOSYSTEM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClientExtensionsBase\Tests\bin\Debug\GameBasePlugin.pdb
